# booxchange-Web-application-to-swap-your-books-
The title “Booxchange” refers to exchanging books. Our website helps user to exchange their books. Book exchange website makes the process of trading books easy. This website aids people to connect with used books. It's a win-win because everyone gets to enjoy a new book without need to spend the extra cash making more space at home to store old books. You can create a virtual library on our website and exchange it with the books uploaded by other users belonging to your nearby areas. To create a virtual library you must register into our website. Users can search book of their interest in the library and can post their books in their virtual library. You can borrow books from other users, exchange books with them or buy used books online. We provide a search bar to search the books you need. When you search a book, if it is in our database, you can further add it to your library and proceed to payment. When the book is successfully purchased, the value of money is added to seller’s wallet. Our motive is to boost the habit of reading and spread the word for all to enter the magical world of books, As books force you to slow down and see the world through the eyes of your mind. We understand how uncomfortable it is to meet a stranger and exchange books.But now with this easy book exchange web application with most viable features like secure book, and payment transactions, we make your experience smooth.
So, lose yourselves in books site, because that’s where you will find yourself too!



To use this Web application clone our repository using "https://github.com/ShruthiBheemreddy/booxchange-Web-application-to-swap-your-books-/" and import the sql file which is mentioned in the repo.
